# Binary Exploitation
I first tried to open the binary in a text editor, because I knew nothing about this except for a few bit of meddling back in the day. On googling, I found the **-xxd** on Linux and there I got the first feel of heading in the right direction. More googling and I soon found out that decompiling the binary is the way to go. Tried Boomerang but couldn't get it to run so next came Ghidra. The Language was clear to me because on googling the few bits of ASCII readable characters I found some gcc related function calls and realised it was written in C. On decompiling, I was able to make out the attached text file of code, reading which I could figure out the basic control of the program. The functions like **checkPassword** and **checkRes** were clear, but those like **process**, **prepare** and **format**, which did the changes to the initial 31 character long password were not quite clear in decompilation. I know that the password is 30 characters, and that the process method increases the values of some array by one and some othe array decreases by one, but given the less time I switched to brute forcing the code in gdb. In gdb, using jump statements and other tricks I was able to make the code spit out Access Granted, but could not make out the exact password. Had I given more time to the problem, I would have definitely been able to find out the entire code and the password. Anyways, the code I could extract and from Ghidra and the image of the success message are attached in the repo.